hey there Tony polo Castro here with the
acoustic letter brought to you by music
villa
today we're going to look at the Martin
om 21 but before we do so let me remind
you to stick around to the end of the
video and sign up for the acoustic
letter and just for signing up today I'm
going to send you my personal gear list
on to what I feel is kind of a hidden
model and Martin line up the OM 21 this
particular guitar offers a ton of sound
a ton of quality and I feel like it's
often overlooked because people go right
to the OM 28 they go okay cool om 18 om
28 but there's an OM 21 and it sits in
between the two and it's actually more
like the 28 then it leads on what we
have is a solid Sitka spruce top with an
ebony bridge and a bone saddle
underneath this top we have standard
placed X bracing that is scalloped the
top is a little bit darker on this
particular model it's got tortoiseshell
binding around the entire top and back
the back and sides are solid East Indian
rosewood no back Strip on this which in
my opinion looks really cool especially
with the back like this we have a
mahogany neck with a low oval profile
and a performing artist taper an ebony
fingerboard with small inlay an inch and
3/4 bone nut classic Martin style
headstock with open gear Butterbean
tuners and a killer guitar I mean truly
this guitar offers clarity great volume
great bass response and it's just a
great om so I'm going to give the Martin
OM 21 to play so you can hear what it
sounds like
you
more
don't forget to sign up for the acoustic
letter today it's a quickest way to get
pricing and photos of all of these
guitars and it will ensure that you
never miss a review and just for signing
up today I'm going to send you my
personal gear list because as a guitar
reviewer people always ask me what I
play personally now in looking at the
list most everything that I got on there
I got from Music Villa
I'm extremely biased because they are my
hometown store but these guys are
musicians they know their stuff and
their inventory contains everything from
classic models on up through really cool
custom instruments so next time you're
in the market for an acoustic guitar
give these guys a call or check out
their website at acoustic letter com
oh and by the way their phone number
four zero six five eight seven four
seven six one thanks a lot for checking
them out